[MUSIC PLAYING]
KAYCE BASQUES: Hey there.
I'm Kayce, and here's what's
new in DevTools in Chrome 59.
First up is the Coverage tab.
The Coverage tab shows you what
CSS and JavaScript the page
is using.
Let's see how to use this
to speed up page load time.
Open the Command menu with
Command Shift P on Mac
or Control Shift P
for Windows and Linux.
Type coverage and
select Show Coverage.
The Coverage tab opens up at the
bottom of the DevTools window.
Click Reload Page, wait a
little bit for the page to load,
and then click Stop Recording.
You can see there's a bunch of
external files getting loaded,
and most of the bytes in those
files aren't even getting used.
Click on a URL to see a line by
line breakdown for that file.
So to speed up page load time,
I could inline the use code
into the page's HTML
and asynchronously load
the unused code.
Check out the rendering path
docs to learn more about that.
Next step is full
page screenshots.
For a while now you've
been able to take
a screenshot of whatever
was in the viewport,
but now you can take a
screenshot of the entire page,
including everything
above and below the fold.
To take a screenshot,
open up the Command menu,
type screenshot, and select
Capture Full Size Screenshot.
Wait a little bit and DevTools
eventually downloads the image.
Next up is block request URLs.
This lets you see
how a page behaves
when a URL or a pattern
of URLs is blocked.
This is useful for seeing
how your page behaves
when subscripts fail, or maybe
a CDN goes down, and so on.
Let's see how the
DevTools home page
looks when its CSS is blocked.
Go to the Network panel,
right click on a request,
and select Block Request URL.
You can manage your blocked
URLs in the Request Blocking
tab that pops up at the bottom
of your DevTools window.
To block a pattern of
URLs, click Add and enter
a wildcard pattern.
When I reload the page--
yep, looks pretty broken.
It's what you would expect
if you disabled all the CSS.
Also, the network panel colors
blocked requests in red.
Last up is the
Unified Command menu.
In the past there was
one keyboard shortcut
for opening files and another
one for jumping to a line,
and so on.
It was just a hassle to
remember all the shortcuts.
So now you can access them
all from the Unified menu.
When I open the
Command menu, there
is a greater than character
in front of my cursor now.
That's the symbol
to run a command.
If I replace that
with a question mark,
I can see all the other
things I can do from the menu
now, like running
this handy snippet.
That's what's new in
DevTools in Chrome 59.
Subscribe to the Chrome
Developer's YouTube channel
to get our latest
DevTools videos,
and tweet us at Chrome
DevTools to discuss
any of these changes.
I'll see you in six weeks
when Chrome 60 gets released.
[MUSIC PLAYING]